[ENH] Add advanced-settings docs (#115)
nebari-dev/nebari-docs: docs/docs/explanations/configuration-best-practices.mdx

### Naming conventions

When Nebari creates a new cloud resource on each one of the cloud providers, it will have to provide properties such as a name, project id, buckets, etc. for these resources.
As Nebari mainly uses the project name from config to populate those attributes, we must ensure that for such cases, the resource attribute/name meets the bound conventions for the chosen cloud provider.

To avoid any burden on the user, on keeping track of each new naming rule for all infrastructure related resources that Nebari creates, we have automated the process to ensure that all resources are named in a consistent manner.
The necessary restrictions for each cloud provider are presented below:

- Letters from A to Z (upper and lower case) and numbers
- Maximum accepted length of the name string is **16** characters
- If using `AWS`: names should not start with the string "aws"
- If using `Azure`: names should not contain "-"

### Domain Format

### Omitting sensitive values

If you wish to avoid storing secrets directly in the config yaml file you can instead set the values in environment variables. This substitution is triggered by setting config

> values to `QHUB_SECRET_` followed by the environment variable name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
values to `NEBARI_SECRET_` followed by the environment variable name.
```

For example, you could set the environment variables `github_client_id` and `github_client_key` and write the
following in your config file:

```yaml
security:
  authentication:
    type: GitHub
    config:

>       client_id: QHUB_SECRET_github_client_id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      client_id: NEBARI_SECRET_github_client_id
```

>       client_secret: QHUB_SECRET_github_client_key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      client_secret: NEBARI_SECRET_github_client_key
```

```

### Nebari version assertion

All `qhub-config.yaml` files must contain a `qhub_version` field displaying the version of Nebari which it’s intended to be deployed with.

> Typically, you can upgrade the `qhub-config.yaml` file itself by manually adding the intended version to the file and validating that the version matches the version of Nebari you are deploying with by calling `qhub --version`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically, you can upgrade the `nebari-config.yaml` file itself by manually adding the intended version to the file and validating that the version matches the version of Nebari you are deploying with by calling `nebari --version`.
```

> If available, you may also update the configuration using the `qhub upgrade` command. This will update image numbers, plus updating `qhub_version` to match the installed version of qhub, as well as any other bespoke changes required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If available, you may also update the configuration using the `nebari upgrade` command. This will update image numbers, plus update `nebari_version` to match the installed version of Nebari, as well as any other bespoke changes required.
```

:::warning

> Nebari will refuse to deploy if it doesn’t contain the same version as that of the qhub command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nebari will refuse to deploy if it doesn’t contain the same version as that of the `nebari` command.
```

```

> Error: The schema validation of the qhub-config.yaml failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Error: The schema validation of the nebari-config.yaml failed.
```

The following error message may be helpful in determining what went wrong:

> qhub_version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nebari_version
```

>   qhub_version in the config file must be equivalent to <installed version> to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  nebari_version in the config file must be equivalent to <installed version> to be
```

> Error: The schema validation of the qhub-config.yaml failed.
> The following error message may be helpful in determining what went wrong:
> 
> qhub_version
>   qhub_version in the config file must be equivalent to <installed version> to be
>   processed by this version of qhub (your config file version is <qhub_version>).
>   Install a different version of qhub or run qhub upgrade to ensure your config
>   file is compatible.
> (type=value_error)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Error: The schema validation of the nebari-config.yaml failed.
The following error message may be helpful in determining what went wrong:

nebari_version
  nebari_version in the config file must be equivalent to <installed version> to be
  processed by this version of Nebari (your config file version is <nebari_version>).
  Install a different version of nebari or run nebari upgrade to ensure your config
  file is compatible.
(type=value_error)
```

---
title: Configuration best practices
id: config-best-practices
description: A guide to best practices for configuring Nebari
---

This document highlights and consolidates configuration best practices that are introduced throughout the Getting Started, How To's, and Advanced Settings sections of the documentation.

### Naming conventions

> When Nebari creates a new cloud resource on each one of the cloud providers, it will have to provide properties such as a name, project id, buckets, etc... for these resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When Nebari creates a new cloud resource on each one of the cloud providers, it will have to provide properties such as a name, project id, buckets, etc. for these resources.
```

As Nebari mainly uses the project name from config to populate those attributes, we must ensure that for such cases, the resource attribute/name meets the bound conventions for the chosen cloud provider.

To avoid any burden on the user, on keeping track of each new namming rule for all infrastructrue related resources that Nebari creates, we have automate the process to ensure that all resources are named in a consistent manner.

> We then sumarize the necessary restrictions for each cloud provider in a list presented below.
> 
> When initializing Nebari ensure your project name is compatible with the following format requirements:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The necessary restrictions for each cloud provider are presented below:
```

> - Letters from A to Z (upper and lower case) and numbers;
> - Maximum accepted length of the name string is **16** characters.
> - If using `AWS`: names should not start with the string "aws";
> - If using `Azure`: names should not contain "-".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Letters from A to Z (upper and lower case) and numbers
- Maximum accepted length of the name string is **16** characters
- If using `AWS`: names should not start with the string "aws"
- If using `Azure`: names should not contain "-"
```

### Domain Format

### Omitting sensitive values

If you wish to avoid storing secrets directly in the config yaml file you can instead set the values in environment variables. This substitution is triggered by setting config
values to `QHUB_SECRET_` followed by the environment variable name.

For example, you could set the environment variables `github_client_id` and `github_client_key` and write the
following in your config file:

```yaml
security:
  authentication:
    type: GitHub
    config:
      client_id: QHUB_SECRET_github_client_id
      client_secret: QHUB_SECRET_github_client_key
```

### Nebari version assertion

> All qhub-config.yaml files must contain a `qhub_version` field displaying the version of Nebari which it’s intended to be deployed with.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All `qhub-config.yaml` files must contain a `qhub_version` field displaying the version of Nebari which it’s intended to be deployed with.
```

> Typically, you can upgrade the qhub-config.yaml file itself by manually adding the intended version to the file. And validating that the version matches the version of Nebari you are deploying with `qhub --version`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Typically, you can upgrade the `qhub-config.yaml` file itself by manually adding the intended version to the file and validating that the version matches the version of Nebari you are deploying with by calling `qhub --version`.
```

> If available, you may also update the configuration using the qhub upgrade command. This will update image numbers, plus updating `qhub_version` to match the installed version of qhub, as well as any other bespoke changes required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If available, you may also update the configuration using the `qhub upgrade` command. This will update image numbers, plus updating `qhub_version` to match the installed version of qhub, as well as any other bespoke changes required.
```

:::warning
Nebari will refuse to deploy if it doesn’t contain the same version as that of the qhub command.
```
Error: The schema validation of the qhub-config.yaml failed.
The following error message may be helpful in determining what went wrong:

qhub_version
  qhub_version in the config file must be equivalent to <installed version> to be
  processed by this version of qhub (your config file version is <qhub_version>).
  Install a different version of qhub or run qhub upgrade to ensure your config
  file is compatible.
(type=value_error)
```

> :::

Reviewer 2: This should also be in the Troubleshooting doc

Reviewer 2: A new issue can be opened for this change in order to get this doc pushed through

Author: https://github.com/nebari-dev/nebari-docs/issues/210

The necessary restrictions for each cloud provider are presented below:

- Letters from A to Z (upper and lower case) and numbers
- Maximum accepted length of the name string is **16** characters
- If using `AWS`: names should not start with the string "aws"
- If using `Azure`: names should not contain "-"

<!--
TODO: Add domain format details
 ## Domain Format
-->

## Omitting sensitive values

If you wish to avoid storing secrets directly in the config yaml file you can instead set the values in environment variables. This substitution is triggered by setting config
values to `NEBARI_SECRET_` followed by the environment variable name.

For example, you could set the environment variables `github_client_id` and `github_client_key` and write the
following in your config file:

```yaml
security:
  authentication:
    type: GitHub
    config:
      client_id: NEBARI_SECRET_github_client_id
      client_secret: NEBARI_SECRET_github_client_key
```

## Nebari version assertion

> All `nebari-config.yaml` files must contain a `nebari_version` field displaying the version of Nebari which it’s intended to be deployed with.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All `nebari-config.yaml` files must contain a `nebari_version` field displaying the version of Nebari with which it’s intended to be deployed.
```
